[Music]
it's me bear it's me okay that's a
picture day are you happy to see me
she's not a mean bear she's just a
nervous bear but she'll calm down she'll
do that ritualized
display and then settle down like if I
wanted to hear here she was slapping and
looking really ferocious and then she
would just gently with her tongue take
things from my hand and she understands
the program my competitor but if but if
she doesn't understand what's going on
then she gets nervous then you see the
slapping so she's more relaxed she was
laying her head on it Paul got her eyes
closed kind of understands the situation
so now she can sell down into her
regular stuff
it's amazing the difference in
personalities among bears and you could
even see it as Cubs this one with a
light face is braver more adventuresome
you